[#22377] Amend to be aligned with recommendation (#26670)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/getting_started_with_the_web/what_will_your_website_look_like/index.md

### Font

As with images, many fonts are protected by licenses, meaning you cannot freely use them in your site. [Google Fonts](https://developers.google.com/fonts) is a web service owned by Google that provides access to many fonts.

Once you have found a font, there are two main ways of using it:

1. Add a reference in your code to load the font from Google's servers.

> 2. Download the font file to your own system, host the font yourself, and setup a reference to your hosted copy in your website's code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Download the font file to your own system, host the font yourself, and use your hosted copy in your website's code.
```

> Note that the first of these options may be incompatible with the European Union's data privacy regulation [GDPR](https://gdpr.eu/what-is-gdpr/), because requesting fonts will expose the user's IP address. If you think this would be a problem for you, you should choose the second option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Serving fonts hosted on Google Fonts may be incompatible with the European Union's data privacy regulation [GDPR](https://gdpr.eu/what-is-gdpr/) as the font service exposes the user's IP address. If this is a potential problem for you, choose the second option.
```
